Oriya-TeX

Soon to be available: Oriya-TeX, for typesetting the Oriya script using TeX.

features:

* new calligraphic designed Oriya METAFONT
* easy to type ASCII input, compatible with Velthuis' transcription scheme
* CSX, ISCII and Unicode input and output
* large number of conjuncts and ligatures
* runs on any machine that has TeX and C++ available,
  including PC's from IBM-AT upwards, MacOS, and Unix boxes.
* cheapest system available to typeset in Oriya.

status:

Currently the fonts are ready for 'beta-testing'. People who know Oriya,
as well as TeX are requested to have a carefull look at the fonts, and the files
supplied with the package, and give their comments, remarks and bug-reports.

The support software is not yet completed. The work is waiting for a
new compiler to arrive.  I intend to produce both Java and C++ versions of 
the convertion software.

I also intend to create PostScript and TrueType versions of the fonts, but
please not ask me now. I will announce them when ready.

DO NOT USE THE BETA VERSION FOR SERIOUS PUBLICATIONS UNLESS YOU ARE PREPARED
TO DO SOME WORK ON IMPROVING THE INPUT METHODS. THE INPUT METHODS WILL SURELY 
CHANGE. 

conditions:

The package will be available as freeware. You may copy it, give it to your
friends, or distribute it via the internet or on CD-Roms, and use it as much
as you like for non-commercial as well as commercial purposes. The only 
restriction is that you may not sell or otherwise make profit of the package
or derived works, itself, apart from a reasonable fee for media or transmission
times. Also, you may not pass arround a modified copy as the original.
Derived works are all works created by modifing the software (code, fonts,
macros), but do not include texts produced with the package. These are entirely
yours.

Copies of works printed with this package are more than welcome. As I am much
interested in Indian language dictionaries, anyone working on an Oriya
dictionary can have all support needed to use these fonts and have it printed.

contact:

  Jeroen Hellingman
  Aletta Jacobsstraat 5
  3404 XD IJsselstein
  The Netherlands
  
  tel: +31 30 6875444
  
  email: jehe@kabelfoon.nl

Also available:

  Malayalam-TeX
  Malayalam PostScript and TrueType fonts
  Unicode Shapes font (TeX, PostScript, TrueType)

  and soon:

  Tamazight-TeX
  Tamazight (Berber) PostScript and TrueType fonts
